Update documentation with not in place transforms and update DatasetDict (#1947)
huggingface/datasets: docs/source/processing.rst

This method can be used to slice a very large dataset in a predefined number of chunks.

Renaming, removing, casting and flattening columns
--------------------------------------------------

Renaming a column: ``rename_column``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> This method renames a column in the dataset, and move the features associated to the original column under the new column name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method renames a column in the dataset, and move the features associated to the original column under the new column name. This operation will fail if the new column name already exists.
```

This is probably obvious and not worth mentioning. Eager to hear your views @lhoestq

:func:`datasets.Dataset.rename_column` takes the name of the original column and the new name as arguments.

.. code-block::

    >>> dataset = dataset.rename_column("sentence1", "sentenceA")
    >>> dataset = dataset.rename_column("sentence2", "sentenceB")
    >>> dataset
    Dataset({
        features: ['sentenceA', 'sentenceB', 'label', 'idx'],
        num_rows: 3668
    })

Removing one or several columns: ``remove_columns``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

It allows to remove one or several column(s) in the dataset and the features associated to them.

> You can also remove a column using :func:`Dataset.map` with `remove_columns` but the present method
> is in-place (doesn't copy the data to a new dataset) and is thus faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also remove a column using :func:`Dataset.map` with `remove_columns` but the present method
doesn't copy the data to a new dataset object and is thus faster.
```

The "in-place" wording can be confusing here
